Hi Guys welcome to the final tutorial for Breakout.
Hey you guys are excited to have you here and we're happy to be all together again.
I have to do yes.
This time we're going to watch the result for Breakout which I remind was much more challenging than
do.
So let's hope we get some good results.
OK.
So here is the main code.
You know we have several calls to all the girls are here and here is the make up and the code that will
execute all the other code.
So building a whole network can train the agents and the create.
OK.
So basically what we're going to do is just execute just to see how it's going but we will not wait
for the result because actually takes several hours.
So we prepared the results in this Test folder.
We already have the video and we will show you right to that.
OK.
So to execute is basically just to select the whole code here.
And here we go.
Right.
And as you can see the videos are populated.
OK.
All right.
So right now we already have two videos.
And then the agents are training but it's going to take a long time.
Now what we're going to do is watch the results.
OK.
Which I haven't seen yet.
We haven't seen that yet.
All right.
So in the template folder that you will find on the website you will find two of Fullers Cotonou commands
and could with compass that see if you've missed any detail you can still have a look at this code.
Yeah.
All the comments will explain so each line is welcome and you can understand.
And then in this fall they will find this test folder.
And that's the folder that will be populated with the videos.
OK.
So that's where the videos are.
So this these are the videos of our previous training.
You know we trained them for a couple of hours and we are seeing these videos.
So we're going to watch them one by one starting with the first one and we're going to see if you know
we see some martial art spring break out.
And if we manage to solve it.
OK.
So let's have a look at the first video.
So this video is you know actually what we're going to do.
We're going to do some stop the training because it's slowing down my computer right now.
So I get interrupted.
But I'll get there.
So let's watch it for you.
It's going to be really bad because it's really the first one the battle might not even.
There we go.
It doesn't fly at all because you know it's the very beginning it doesn't know what to do.
And it's still a pre-processing the images of yet nothing.
And it might even be the case for the second video the second one the panel might not still not move.
OK.
So how what do you think of this.
That worth spending so much energy on it.
OK.
So next video we might have something maybe a little something a little bit of art of doing away towards
not even not even useless if we didn't break breakouts or no.
Now I call it does this have something cool.
Let's let's hope that we get something for the next one.
Yeah I think we get something because now I didn't say up better.
OK.
So now the eye has eyes it's can't see can't sense what it's doing.
But it's not very quick yet.
It's not a smart catch but it's a four four.
OK so next thing you know it looks much better now.
Yeah.
More time there.
You ready.
Let's have a look.
OK.
Got it.
Got you got another one last.
Yeah.
Still not perfect but definitely it's like a human plane.
Very good job but still it's like you know like a human plane like a five year old two year old human
guy.
Wow.
You get it now.
Yeah.
So you're old now.
Yeah but it's like it's doing you know trying to catch the boat with some weird tactic.
Yeah.
It's not like a perfect prediction of where the ball is going to be.
OK.
Up and get much better 27.
Next one 370.
OK.
That was 20 seconds.
Now I mean at the time.
Oh now I would say it's a five year old
OK for you.
Yeah.
And now the goal of the book is growing faster.
So it's of course much more difficult with students in great.
So let's see if we can be 27 time 23 24 28.
OK.
Here we go.
See it's getting better and that's a good sign.
OK call lasted three lives.
Next one was one minute 10 second guy.
That's the
straight there.
That's great.
And that's definitely a pronoun isn't it.
Yeah and you can tell if you're playing because it's like it's moving sporadically like super fast.
Yes.
And it's doing a lot of saving unnecessary moves but it's getting there.
Let's see how it does when the ball is moving really fast.
How one is supposed to be independent.
I don't know.
I think it's a bit on the color of the block in distress maybe.
Or is it just like random.
It looks like random but we should check out the rules.
But it's really doing great now.
Yeah.
So three four three four score plus really really great.
So yeah we definitely have some A-3 see thing and break on their.
Of analysis.
Yes it seems like we have a brain with memory not only with eyes as has good guys you know it's a pretty
quick gesture but also it's got some memory
I don't know when you use your memory to play out yourself of course.
Yeah.
OK.
So well done rather than to the A3.
I was the last one the last one.
Fifty five seconds or a little less.
You remember what the score was.
Now the previous one should get out to see if it get an improvement.
One that gets an improvement every day takes place in the same incident that yeah that's your inspiration
the say
OK we go
you know.
Wish I like some music playing.
Well once they hit that
you can do it.
It's like on steroids.
Clicking left or right all the time.
But he's doing good.
Yeah but we might not solve the whole game of breaking up.
We just need to have it trained more.
Yeah.
Those are really good three really good
balls.
There was a little bit to 60 beat the score and there was don't see that as well.
So we did it didn't stop me I think very nice very nice.
Awesome.
So I hope you like this mostly.
I hope you like this powerful implementation of the A-3 see.
And yeah you can see what how hard it can do really well.
Yeah that's right.
Like at the end of the paper they have like a comparison of different algorithms.
And this one is the best one by far.
Not only they have the best comparison of these but also I experienced several of them.
And so I experienced the one without end and I see one with and definitely de-listing improved the algorithm
how much better is a much better life.
I barely had some artificial intelligence before in the last like 15 seconds or 20 seconds but definitely
not more than 10 minutes.
As we saw here.
Yeah that's good.
Ok cool.
Thanks guys.
Thanks a lot.
That was the end of the third module and therefore the end of the Course.
Congratulations for having the three modules and mostly the A3 C which was a pretty big rig there.
And for sure explore the different modification that modifications exist today.
And you know maybe at the time we were watching this there's some really cool new advancements in ATC
and you can probably or even a new model even better than we see them.
Let's see what 2018 says.
OK.
All right thanks.
All right guys thanks.
Bye.